capital = 363

oob = "UAS_1984"

set_research_slots = 1

set_technology = {
	atomic_research = 1
	human_race = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
   	melee_weapons = 1
	melee_weapons1 = 1
	pre_gw_artillery = 1
	tech_support = 1
	transport = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
    tech_engineers = 1
    tech_recon = 1
    tech_military_police = 1
    tech_maintenance_company = 1
    tech_field_hospital = 1
    tech_logistics_company = 1
    tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	
	electronic_mechanical_engineering  = 1
	radio = 1
	mechanical_computing = 1
	mechanised_infantry = 1
	amphibious_mechanized_infantry = 1
	infantry_weapons2 = 1
	improved_infantry_weapons = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	support_weapons2 = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	tactical_bomber1 = 1
	artillery1 = 1
	antiair2 = 1
	antiair1 = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	antitank2 = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	antiair1 = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	antitank1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_light_tank_chassis = 1
		amphibious_tank_chassis = 1
		amphibious_drive = 1
		advanced_light_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_medium_tank_chassis = 1
		basic_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		improved_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		super_heavy_tank_chassis = 1
		armor_tech_1 = 1
		armor_tech_2 = 1
		engine_tech_1 = 1
		engine_tech_2 = 1
		basic_train = 1
	}
}

add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = artillery_equipment_0
	amount = 150
	producer = UAS
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = melee_equipment_0
	amount = 5000
	producer = UAS
}
add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = melee_equipment_1
	amount = 5000
	producer = UAS
}
add_tech_bonus = {
	name = fighter_bonus
	bonus = 1
	uses = 1
	technology = early_fighter
}
add_tech_bonus = {
	name = bomber_bonus
	bonus = 1
	uses = 1
	category = tactical_bomber
}


add_ideas = {
	disarmed_nation
	pre_industrial_society
	closed_economy
	human_armies
	human_air_force
	UAS_poor_training
	precarious_condition
	radiation_poisoning
	stranger
	UAS_canadian_resistance
	UAS_SA_rebels
	risk_of_famine
	lack_of_scientists3
	poverty1
}

set_war_support = 0.3
set_stability = 0.7

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	fascism = 0
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 60
}

set_politics = {

	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1000.10.10"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

recruit_character = UAS_army_council
recruit_character = UAS_junta
recruit_character = UAS_congress
recruit_character = UAS_worker_congress

#POL
recruit_character = UAS_philip_klutznick
recruit_character = UAS_nahuel_moreno
recruit_character = UAS_jose_sarney
recruit_character = UAS_malcom_baldrige
recruit_character = UAS_william_webster
recruit_character = UAS_augusto_pinochet
recruit_character = UAS_nixon
recruit_character = UAS_ford
recruit_character = UAS_carter
recruit_character = UAS_reagan


#High command
recruit_character = UAS_william_depuy
recruit_character = UAS_bennie_davis
recruit_character = UAS_jorge_anaya
recruit_character = UAS_meyer_edward
recruit_character = UAS_john_wickham
recruit_character = UAS_charles_gabriel
recruit_character = UAS_larry_welch
recruit_character = UAS_hayward_thomas
recruit_character = UAS_james_watkins
recruit_character = UAS_saint_crosbie
recruit_character = UAS_colin_powell
recruit_character = UAS_robert_barrow
recruit_character = UAS_paul_van_riper
recruit_character = UAS_norman_schwartzkopf
recruit_character = UAS_lew_allen
recruit_character = UAS_joseph_metcalf
recruit_character = UAS_basilio_lami

recruit_character = UAS_morgan
recruit_character = UAS_mark_bannon
recruit_character = UAS_parker
recruit_character = UAS_jeremiah_sawyer
recruit_character = UAS_anton_carino
recruit_character = UAS_james_webb
recruit_character = UAS_vance
recruit_character = UAS_michael_thompson
recruit_character = UAS_earl_davis
recruit_character = UAS_hanson
recruit_character = UAS_doe
recruit_character = UAS_uris

recruit_character = UAS_paul_O_Neal_Monger
recruit_character = UAS_george_thomas_coker
recruit_character = UAS_weston_tindall
